What is this?!
This is impossible.
What?
What is going on?
Hey!
It's freezing.
Hey, I can't even move.
Hey!
Is anyone there?
Wait, seriously.
Where am I?
What mountain is this?
Ah, there are so many bugs.
I can't get out. Seriously.
I can't get out.
Hey, what am I supposed to do?
If nobody comes, I'm dead.
Can I take this off?
Excuse me, can I take this off now?
Huh? Go ahead.
Huh?
You're taking it off? Huh?
No, no.
Huh?
Huh? What do you mean? You really took it
off? Wait, I can?
I can take it off? Who are you? What? What
the hell is this? I can take it off?
What?
You're taking it off?
Fine, whatever. What? This is scary. Stop.
Say something.
Stop it already. Take it off.
I am, I am.
Who the hell are you? Seriously.
What is this thing?
Takano?
Or rather, what is this?
I don't get it.
No, this is...
What is this? What is this? I seriously
don't get it. Huh, what?
What is this, seriously?
There's nothing here.
Huh?
What is this?
What?
What is this? What is this?
Candy.
Huh?
What?
Whoa, what is this?
Candy.
What is going on?
Wait, my hands are tied together.
What is this?
Stop it, come on.
It's all candy.
What is this?
What? What is going on?
What is this supposed to be?
Can I take it?
Ah!
Whoa, who's there?
Hey, hey.
Come on, don't do that.
Whoa, you scared me.
It's Shinichi.
What is this?
Whoa, what is this? Creepy.
Creepy.
Creepy, creepy, creepy.
What is this?
I seriously have no idea.
There's no door.
Whoa, wait.
What is this, seriously?
Ah, it's cold.
So cold.
I haven't even eaten anything.
Hey, hey, hey, be quiet.
Don't yell, seriously.
What is this?
Whoa.
I seriously can't handle this.
I only recognize Mitate. Mitate.
Mitate. He's the only one I know. He's
wanted. I see.
Ah.
So everybody's kind of...
It means they're all captured.
Hmm.
Huh.
But the others, um...
Everyone has things they need to clear in
their rooms,
but what can Kuro-chan even do?
What's he supposed to do?
Right?
He's just buried alive.
The fact that he's cold in that
situation... That's the first time I've learned that.
So if you're buried, it's cold.
Makes sense, the ground is chilly.
Of course.
Oh, so it's cold.
Underground,
the first thing you say is, 'It's cold.'
Wow. I guess that's what makes it real.
That's interesting.
But Kuro-chan being buried doesn't even
feel that weird. Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Uh...
Here?
What is this, a dump?
A dumping ground?
Illegal dumping? Mountain dumping?
Huh? Was I dumped here?
This is Wednesday, right?
It's the show, right?
Then Kuro-chan ends up on Wednesday.
Wait a sec.
Hey, aren't there way too few clues?
Is anyone there?
I'm buried.
There's a person buried here.
Is anyone actually here?
That's a real SOS.
From what I can see. Is there something
behind me? I can't tell.
It'd be terrifying if this were real.
Something like this probably happened somewhere.
Yeah.
What?
A speaker?
What's this?
Huh?
Wait, what's this?
A GoPro and
a letter.
There was a letter.
A letter, a letter.
It's cramped.
Huh?
I see.
So that means I can eat it?
Why are you so positive? Seriously.
It's all-you-can-eat candy.
Is this real candy?
Don't get mad later.
Hey.
Oh, I thought it was just a set.
Whoa, amazing.
This is gonna take a while,
this.
It's good.
Tasty?
What?
Wait, wait.
That's way too vague.
That's it?
Huh?
So if it got picked,
that's what it means.
So the radio name
has to be some Thai-sounding thing?
For the escape...
Ah.
...you work it into
your radio name, maybe.
Anyway,
as long as we get out, right?
I don't know how we're supposed to get
out. There isn't even an entrance.
Wait, what?
How are we supposed to get out?
Whoa.
And on top of that...
No.
Ah, no good.
Come on.
Wait, the entrance really...
You're right, there's no door.
Hmm.
Whoa, creepy.
This is scary.
It says to get out.
No, r-right, that's the thing...
Even if that's the rule,
are we supposed to smash it?
No, that's the only option.
Are we allowed to burn it down?
If we burn it, we'll die.
That's dangerous.
If that radio name
were something like 'Lighter'...
Ah, Lighter Hour.
If it were Lighter Hour, then a lighter...
This is enough to drive you insane.
I might actually lose it.
Hey.
Having no door is seriously stressful.
Answer the quiz and escape this room.
Huh?
No way, I'm bad at this stuff.
And why the hell is it Hosokawa Fumie?
Well, telephone cards.
In their heyday.
Seriously.
She really is pretty.
That might be worth something.
That is so not the point.
Wait a sec.
This is at least a little soothing.
Hold on.
This...
There are only 50 of them.
You're right.
That's limited. Nobody keeps in touch by
phone number anymore.
Exactly.
Young people...
Wouldn't know.
Yeah.
Me,
my parents' place and...
I remember my wife's cell number.
Nice.
As expected.
I don't remember anything.
Wait, what would calling your parents do?
Think about whether it helps us escape.
Oh, right, ask for a hint.
Six by four... 24. Twenty-four.
There are 24 questions?
Damn, which ones can we answer?
Ah, like this one.
Ah, this one.
Move two matches and double it.
I think we can do this one.
Ah, I know this one.
I know this one.
Name the creature that kills the most
humans on Earth. That's a famous one.
What is it?
Mosquito.
Ah.
Right, right.
Oh, c-can we press it?
We can.
We can press it.
We can!
Oh!
Whoa!
Ah, wait.
Whoa! What is this?
Keep pressing it.
Go, go.
Hey! Hey!
So that's if we answer right?
Where?
Hey! Where?
So it spreads out like this?
Huh.
Ah, I see.
Wait, I got it.
What?
And then we open it up
and get out?
Ah, that's how it works.
Wait.
So we can't do this.
It won't press.
If we're wrong, we can't get through.
I see.
Because we haven't answered right yet,
the far parts...
...are useless.
We have to do it in order.
So start with the nearby ones.
Clear the close ones first.
With how skinny I am, maybe I could...
Wow, this is well made.
Hmm.
Ah, I could get out from around here.
Why only you?
Both of us have to get out.
Hey, can you hear this over the speaker?
Me, from here...
Hey, can you hear me talking?
You can, right?
You can hear me, right?
I'm in trouble.
Seriously, I'm in more trouble than you
think.
I'm losing body heat and can't do
anything. Answer it!
There must be staff somewhere, right?
Hey, somebody say something!
Hey, is someone standing behind me?
Are you watching and laughing?
Hey!
I can't turn around, so I can't tell.
Huh?
Isn't this a speaker?
No, it is a speaker.
Ah!
Alexa?
It's Alexa!
Alexa...
Then that's not it!
Huh?
Hey, Siri!
Ah, Siri!
Isn't it Siri?
Hey, Siri!
You need to project more.
I'm buried here.
I'm buried here. Even if it responds, what
do I ask? Get me out of here?
Was I buried?
Was there something?
Wait, there is something, right? There is.
Ah.
Um...
Google, Google, um...
It's Google.
Was there a phrase? Uh, hey...
Hey, Google!
Isn't it 'OK, Google'?
OK, Google?
Oh!
Ah, something lit up.
Yes, how can I help you?
Huh.
Huh? It said something, it said something.
Huh?
OK, Google!
Ah, it lit up, it lit up.
Hello. How are you today?
Not good.
That's worrying. Are you getting enough
sleep? No, I can't sleep. If I do, I'm dead.
And I'm freezing.
Don't keep saying that.
It must be seriously cold
if he's wedged in that much.
Are you sleeping well? Answer yes or no.
Yes, ah, just say yes.
I didn't quite catch that.
Why not?
I said it.
No, wait, this isn't the time for that...
This is probably the hint.
It's a hint, got it.
If we talk to this, it'll give us the
answer, right? What kind of burp was that?
What should I ask?
OK, Google!
Where is this?
Ah.
Location information isn't registered.
Useless!
So it doesn't even know where this is.
At this point, I just have to keep eating.
It's about what you eat to get out.
Yeah, I guess so.
There are salty snacks too.
Potato chips.
Rice crackers.
Wow, they really went all out.
Chocolate, marshmallows.
Um, and what's this? Baumkuchen?
It is baumkuchen.
Wow, that's the easiest one to eat.
Marshmallows.
Marshmallows?
Huh? I can't eat that many marshmallows.
Marshmallows sound good.
Marshmallows.
Wow, this is like a dream.
Yeah.
Amazing.
Wow.
Ah, it's good.
Tasty.
You look happy.
True, I like marshmallows too.
I still wish we could press something.
It's amazing.
Tasty, though.
It's good, but...
Sweet.
You get sick of sweet stuff.
I can see wafers in the back.
Yeah.
Ah.
There is some light back there, kind of.
Like a tiny gap you see between plywood
boards. Hmm.
There is.
Like that.
Wafers.
This feels like a prison.
It's good, though.
Ah, this part lifts a little.
It lifts.
Yeah.
It's barely going down.
This is rough too.
Was it always this fast?
You're in the way.
This makes absolutely no sense.
Yeah.
Like...
Well, yeah.
A chainsaw, maybe.
A chainsaw.
A saw.
We may have to destroy it.
A hammer.
A hammer, huh.
Wait, are we allowed to break it?
Can we brute-force this?
Shouldn't this be more about brains?
Seriously, what even is this material?
It doesn't feel like something to smash.
I seriously don't get this.
It feels like outer space in here.
The light is nothing but white. If you
stayed here for days, you'd go insane.
This really...
I've seen movies like this.
Yeah, it feels like a movie set.
A building, or whatever.
Why is everything white?
They want to drive us crazy. Has to be.
It's like one of those experiments
you're never supposed to do.
Still, all I can think of is a hammer.
What else? A c-chainsaw.
Have you ever used a chainsaw?
No.
No. Then you haven't used one, right?
You've never used one?
Actually, a long time ago, I once did
civil work... You did?
When I was a temp worker, they let me hold
one for a second. I didn't use it, but it was scary.
Yeah.
It doesn't go 'whirr' like you'd think.
It jerks like bam.
It's scary.
Feels like it'd kick back.
Seriously. You hold it like this, and this
happens. Oh.
Like Chainsaw Man,
but in reverse.
Seriously.
That kickback is what makes them scary.
What if we peel off just one piece? Right,
first we need something to scratch it with.
Or a pickaxe.
A pickaxe, yeah.
In the end, a pickaxe might be best.
Yeah.
It has to be something pointed, right?
Right.
And if that doesn't work,
we can rethink it.
With a pickaxe, you can ease it in like
this and pry too.
So it can double as a crowbar.
Right.
Then let's make pickaxe our surname.
Pickaxe something.
Like 'Pickaxe Hideki.'
Exactly.
That's our radio name?
Let's go with that.
Ah, maybe this one.
Wait a second.
Yes.
There's no kerosene.
Huh?
There isn't any, right?
You're right.
There isn't.
You should've stocked that too.
Yeah.
It's freezing in here.
So there's no kerosene.
Yeah. What is the height of the Tacchan
Doll at Umemiya Tatsuo Pickles?
Ah, the Tacchan Doll. How tall was it
again? Ah.
It was asking for Umemiya Tatsuo's Tacchan
Doll height, right?
During a table tennis match, when can you
wipe sweat with a towel? My dad plays table tennis.
Seriously?
Yeah, he plays every day.
Wait, for now, I'll call my dad.
Ah, good idea.
I really don't want to ask my dad his body
count at this hour. Whoa.
Whoa.
I hate this.
I really want to avoid that.
Yeah.
Ah, it connected.
It connected fast. It connected.
Depending on where you are.
Forty-three.
Maybe not.
Ah, right.
So this doesn't go down.
It goes down after you get out.
Damn, he's not there.
Damn it.
Ah, he's not there.
Damn.
Wow, this takes me back.
Nostalgic, right? Okay, I'll call my wife
and see whose number she knows.
Ah!
You could do that too.
Right, so call that person and ask
about the quiz stuff,
and also ask my wife
for the number of someone smart.
Right.
I see, call your wife and find out whose
number she knows. Yeah.
She might know Makio's number.
She works with Makio.
Huh?
Who does?
My wife.
Huh?
Yeah.
She works there part-time?
Yeah. So maybe I can call Makio.
Damn.
Maybe I can call him.
For now, I'll call my wife.
Please do it super fast.
And the ten wanted fugitives should be
searchable online. Right.
And,
'What is shokupan short for?'
The common-use kanji with the most
strokes. Right.
Ask those three,
okay.
And on top of that, Makio's contact info,
right.
Ask for his phone number too.
Okay.
Let's try it once.
Let's go.
Let's go hard, stay aggressive.
Here I go.
Okay.
Better to ask everything at once.
I wonder what she's doing at this hour.
Hello?
Ah, hello.
Hello.
It's me, me, me.
Oh. What? What's up?
Why are you calling private?
Ah, sorry.
Listen, I need to ask you
three things, fast.
Huh? What?
Can you take notes right now?
Earlier, earlier... phone number.
I've got my phone, I can take notes.
Right, phone number.
Hurry!
Oh crap, crap, crap, crap.
Can you do it? Can you?
Yeah, okay.
Here we go.
Name the ten fugitives currently wanted in
Japan. That's one.
That's one.
Name the Joyo kanji with the most strokes.
What?
What? Kanji?
Stroke count, The kanji with the most
strokes. Kanji, yeah.
Joyo kanji.
What's a Joyo kanji?
It literally means kanji for regular use.
And what is shokupan short for?
What?
Shokupan.
Short for?
Yeah.
Oh, short for.
Can you look up these three online?
Got it.
And also, ask Makio from Kamomental for
his phone number. His number.
Ask for his number. Yeah. Then I'll call
you back in 30 minutes,
Yeah.
so tell me.
Please.
Ah, got it.
Don't hang up, bye.
Forty-three.
You're using up way too much.
No way, man, not with that.
You're seriously using a ton.
What choice did I have just now?
Your wife was super slow too.
You should at least know Joyo kanji.
You're the one making it go down.
This thing is dropping crazy fast.
It's going down like mad.
Seriously, that pissed me off.
What's your problem?
You're pissing me off.
Your wife sounded seriously annoyed too.
Totally useless.
This is your fault.
Ow!
What?
Yeah.
Let's not do the kicking thing.
More importantly, my hands... hang on,
wait, wait. Hm?
If we eat too much from the top,
Yeah.
then we won't be able to get out from
above. True, that's right.
So trying to escape by going out through
the top might be hard in the first place.
Exactly, you have to think this through.
You can't just eat whatever you feel like.
Yeah.
Especially you.
This might be a bit high.
If we eat too much more,
No, exactly. We need to think carefully
before we eat this.
Exactly.
Yeah.
But wait, right, this is attached too.
Right.
So here,
we need to open it pretty wide.
You'd go out like this,
Yeah.
Like this, you'd crawl out.
Exactly, exactly.
And if you think about it,
True.
The upper part is going to be tough.
Yeah, it'll be hard. Yeah.
Yeah. True.
So the lower part.
Yeah.
I get it.
But the lower part is mostly heavy stuff.
Yeah.
Let's eat some potato chips first.
Why?
I want something salty.
We've been eating sweet stuff.
True.
Ah, this is bad.
Now I want something salty.
Well, if that's the case, potato chips...
If it's here,
Yeah.
Say one shoulder,
if you grab it and do this.
Yeah.
Go like this,
swing your leg over.
Right.
Yeah, yeah.
Then you could get through like this.
I see.
Yeah.
True, from this side,
it'd be hard, but
Yeah.
here we might just barely make it.
Why'd you grab a marshmallow?
That has nothing to do with it.
Potato chips, sure.
Yeah, marshmallows were the wrong move.
Potato chips, maybe.
Let's dig in.
Yeah, here's the spot.
Good.
Potato chips could work.
Still, being trapped in here with all this
salt is awful. Yeah, awful.
Awful.
I'm...
scared, man.
No water is rough.
Seriously.
This is bad.
There's no tea or water.
Seriously.
Yeah, no fluids.
This is rough.
Oh, jelly.
Oh.
Jelly.
Jelly counts as fluids.
Yeah.
Whoa, jelly counts as hydration.
It's good.
I've never thought of jelly as hydration.
Right.
Hmm.
This is good.
Right, this really does make you thirsty.
We've used a lot already. No, maybe we
shouldn't overuse this. Yeah.
There's still quite a bit.
Oh, I can see some fugashi.
Let's try eating it.
Yeah.
Oh, look, you can see the fugashi now.
Look.
Look. This is like that fugashi bit from
How Do You Like Wednesday?
Fugashi's rough.
Fugashi looks pretty tough, but let's eat
it. Like, what if you stick your finger in like this,
Yeah.
like this,
Yeah. Whoa, don't make me eat where you've
already been chewing.
Seriously,
those fingers of yours are gross.
No, as a partner, that's gross.
Yeah, I really hate that.
Right?
Whoa.
I can see light.
I can see it, I can see it.
Oh.
Whoa.
That's it?
Eat some chips, then...
Since fugashi is sweet, I think
alternating with chips is best. So order matters.
Yeah, right, right.
That might work.
True.
Me and Minamikawa could probably handle
the matchstick one, right?
Move two matchsticks and double it.
Double means...
It means turn 100 into 200, right?
The answer to this is, like, that drain...
The drain?
There's no way I can do that.
What do you even call this again?
I have no idea.
It's hard to explain it well.
Like...
What happened?
I don't know.
I got it.
You got it?
Yes.
All right. It's 'move two matchsticks and
double it,' right?
Yeah.
This is 100, right?
Yeah, it's 100.
You turn it into the kanji for 200.
I see.
If it's the kanji for 200...
Yeah.
Leave these two here,
and if you move these side pieces,
it turns into a kanji here.
You know, the 100.
If you add them here,
and put them vertically like this, it's
200. It becomes 200.
200.
That's definitely right.
I think we got it.
200 in kanji numerals.
This.
Yes!
There it is!
Wow, I'm so happy.
All right!
We did it!
It doesn't mean anything, though.
Oh, right.
Ah, this.
Seriously, where is this place?
Wow, the leaves are beautiful.
Nice view, at least.
For something like this, do they recruit
someone beforehand or something?
What do you mean?
I think that's probably it.
And for something like this...
I see.
You can cast a wide net with things like
'I always listen,' right? I see.
I get it, I get it. So maybe for something
in the near future...
I see.
Something a little ahead...
Send a bunch out in advance
to shows that haven't started yet,
It's pointless unless they actually use
it. So where do we...
Unless it gets picked. Should we try
sending one to a show that starts around 11?
Yeah.
This is a high bar.
This one's a daytime show.
Ah, it's Fumio Takada.
It's Mr. Fumio Takada, right?
From 11.
Kunimaru Shokudo.
I don't know that one.
Whose show even is that?
They probably aren't watching this.
But that's exactly why.
Kunimaru Nomura.
Then from 1:00,
Makoto Ohtake's Golden Radio.
I've actually been on that a few times.
I've been on it.
They had me on before,
and on Wednesdays it's Asako Ito.
Ah.
She's my senior at Maseki.
She's nice, right?
Yeah.
We can definitely do this.
Let's do it.
Then...
1 p.m.
1 p.m., Bunka Hoso.
1 p.m. on Bunka Hoso.
Yeah.
So it's Mr. Fumio Takada.
Let's try Mr. Fumio Takada first.
We want a confidence boost.
Yeah.
And, like...
I'd like to know first what kind of...
what it's like. There's nowhere that
explains the show's segments.
Exactly. How do we figure out the
segments? Right.
If you don't listen to it, then...
Exactly. So...
Should we at least send something?
Like...
Into the show's form or something?
Yeah.
Let's go with 'opinions on the show or
segment.' Ah.
I think it only has 'opinions on the
show.' No segment option. We don't know it.
Right.
Not unless you've listened.
Being born, um...
Can we lie?
Can we do a 'first-time listener' thing?
Like, 'I'm 68,'
'I'm 68 years old,'
oh, on this side.
'I only heard it for the first time
yesterday, and couldn't believe I'd missed something this funny.'
Ah, no, no, no.
A friend's...
That might be a good line.
'...elderly mother...'
No, like, it really makes me want to keep
reading.
Right, right, that kind of thing.
So we should praise the show, right?
Definitely.
Yeah.
No, actually, that's a good message.
Me,
if I were staff, I'd pick this.
Yeah.
You don't get these often.
I feel like it's actually a good email.
From their point of view...
Right, Takada-sensei is open-minded.
Let's go with this.
From Tsuruhashi Hideki, from Tsuruhashi.
Yeah, it'd definitely get a reaction.
OK Google. The soil, it's right here, and
still... Tell me how to soften it.
It's not changing. I found information on
the web that may be relevant.
A site on vegetable growing
says this:
By mixing rice husks into field soil,
you improve aeration
and help vegetable roots spread better.
Rice husks also loosen heavy clay soil and improve drainage.
Also, leftover rice husks can be used
in many ways for home gardening.
Feeling weak? OK Google, my body is
getting cold. What should I do?
Are you cold? Please keep yourself warm so
you don't catch a cold.
I can't.
It's cold.
It's cold, what is this?
OK Google, what's the temperature now?
It's 9 degrees.
Damn, that's cold.
That's outside, right?
It's colder underground.
OK Google.
I'm thirsty.
Make sure to stay hydrated.
I can't.
At least it gives advice.
Wait.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
At this point...
Google is totally useless.
Ah.
Wait, wait, let me see.
This looks kind of like...
Ah, there's a door in the back.
It looks like some kind of cave door.
There is, but it's seriously locked.
So there's more beyond it.
So until we get over there first,
we won't know.
No way.
Seriously?
I hate this.
It's locked.
I really hate this.
So this...
Like...
This is bad.
First, first, we need to eat through this
fast. We have to eat.
Eat faster.
I know.
Let's do that.
Come on, hurry.
It started beeping.
Take notes, take notes.
Write it down.
We're doing good.
First,
start with the wanted list.
The wanted list, right.
Almost.
We ask with this?
Hello?
Ah, hello?
Yes.
Okay, can you do it?
I can.
Okay, then let's do it.
Give me the ten wanted fugitives.
I'll say them.
Ready?
Here we go.
Hiroshi Kogure.
Katsuyuki Obara.
Keiei Uechi.
Yeah.
I know that guy.
Shinichi Mitate.
Lin Shaowei.
Yeah.
Tsuyoshi Yoshiya.
Yudai Miyauchi.
Li Hui.
Yeah.
Kiyoshi Ochi.
Takeo Matayoshi.
Yeah.
That's ten.
Okay.
Uh, the common-use kanji with the most
strokes. The one with the most strokes is 'utsu,' 29 strokes.
Utsu?
Utsu.
Utsu, right.
The one from bronchitis?
Yeah, yeah, that one.
That one.
Okay, got it.
And, uh, what is shokupan short for?
Shokupan is short for 'staple-food bread.'
Ah, staple-food bread.
Staple-food bread. And do you know
Tsuyoshi Kusanagi's phone number?
Yes, I do.
090-
Okay, thanks.
Yeah.
Yeah, good luck.
Okay.
Thirty-seven.
Oh. Hell yes. Okay, okay, okay, okay. That
really helped.
So for now, those ten names and
'utsu.'
Here we go.
Ohhh!
There it is!
Okay, okay.
Yes! That's it!
We're on a roll.
Hell yeah!
It worked, it worked!
There it is!
This is it.
All right, we broke through.
And then. Um...
Utsu. Right, 'utsu.'
Yeah.
Ah, it connected.
Go!
Oh, it worked!
Hell yes!
Yes, yes.
So hitting the walls twice in a row...
Two in a row.
All right, and then...
Here we go.
What is shokupan short for?
Staple-food bread.
Yeah.
Thanks, wife.
That's right, thank her.
Thank you very much.
See?
Thanks, wife!
Oh!
Yes!
That's amazing.
Okay, okay.
Whoa!
This is huge.
Wait.
This is opened up a lot.
We can get out through this.
Yeah.
We can get out right here and here now.
It says, 'State the last four digits of
Kotoge from Viking's car plate.' What is that?
No, that's impossible.
No way.
This is impossible.
So yeah, I guess Tacchan and...
We need the forty-eight sex positions.
Oh, right. Then Masayo-chan...
The forty-eight sex positions... But you
know, the forty-eight sex positions...
I think we can get it if we ask somebody.
If we ask someone, maybe.
The forty-eight sex positions...
That'll eat up a ton of time.
True.
So this is pretty risky.
The forty-eight sex positions.
Remember them? I've read them once.
Huh? Missionary?
Missionary,
cowgirl,
Even 'ekiben' is open.
Ohhh!
You scared me!
Whoa!
That was scary.
Ohhh.
That scared me.
That thing was shoved in rough.
That was scary.
Whoa!
Wait a sec.
Bryant.
Huh?
It's Bryant.
You're right.
Whoa.
Why this?
It's Bryant from the Kintetsu Buffaloes.
Ah, I see.
Same as Fumie.
I'd rather not use this if possible.
This, this.
The menu.
This is pretty good.
All that Showa-era stuff.
Whoa, kerosene is 10 degrees after all.
What?
Kerosene, 10 degrees.
So that's what it means.
Does this take degrees away?
I see.
Whoa, a blanket.
But should we take the kerosene?
I want the kerosene.
At this rate he'll catch a cold.
I really want the kerosene.
How many degrees for the blanket?
Blanket.
Blanket is 8.
Ah, blanket is 8.
Eight...
But a blanket is permanent.
Maybe kerosene...
Let's go with kerosene.
Seriously.
Let's spend 10 degrees on kerosene with
Fumie. Hmm.
Ohhh!
This is getting kind of scary.
Shame about how they poured it in.
Wait a sec.
Whoa, that's tiny!
Tiny!
One liter.
That's not much.
Not much.
I told you.
This won't last at all.
Wait, that's not much.
Blanket would've been better.
It'll run out fast.
Even so, how did that cost 10 degrees?
Isn't it going down?
Wait, what did it end on?
Thirty-seven.
One card,
after inserting it once,
it's at 27.
You're right.
Why?
Wait.
Wow.
Perfect.
What is this?
How are they doing this?
Ah, it's starting.
It started.
This?
This, this, this, this, this.
Yes. 'As for Wednesday, it's Shota
Shunputei and...'
'Kimiko Inui here.'
Yes. Well...
Now that it's fall,
Yeah.
it's easier to get through the day.
Right.
It's become a refreshing season,
hasn't it? A little...
the leaves are changing, or not changing,
Huh?
or not changing,
depending on the place,
or changing and not changing.
Apparently it varies.
It's a nice season.
Thanks to that...
the rakugo world is...
Huh? Radio Beverly Hills?
Yeah, yeah.
Mon. and Fri.: Fumio Takada.
That's it.
Why?
Why? It's called 'Takada Fumio's Radio
Beverly Hills.'
Hey!
Then that was a total waste.
I sent nothing but nonsense emails.
So they won't read it then.
Well then there's no way they'd read it,
since 'sensei' isn't even on it. Total failure.
I see.
Whoa.
Interesting.
But a lot has happened.
Mm.
That quiz room is coming into focus now.
Yeah, I think they can do it.
Right.
The candy room is pretty brutal.
No...
It might actually be the hardest room.
Yeah.
Yeah, because having to count jelly as
hydration... Yeah.
You don't really get that.
Like, the fact that...
that counts as liquid.
And it's sweet too.
The taste.
It tastes sweet.
That's liquid?
This is rough.
The radio room is rough too. That's
probably the one falling furthest behind.
Yeah.
And on top of that...
they have to write postcards, write
emails, and get picked, right? Right.
It only counts if it gets selected and
read out, right?
Yeah.
And then they only get one item, right?
Right, right, right, right.
That might take the most time.
Yeah.
Kuro-chan still doesn't know anything yet.
Kuro-chan's room is scary too. What the
hell do you even do there?
What is he supposed to do from there?
The others...
It's kind of starting to
come into focus.
You can see the direction you're supposed
to go. It's becoming clear.
Kuro-chan alone still doesn't really...
Yeah.
have any path forward.
All he can do is Google.
Yeah.
Also, there are a lot of bald guys.
There are.
Yeah.
Even the guy saying there are too many
bald guys is bald. What is this? Is it a trend?
Seriously, is baldness in right now?
Every room has a bald guy. Kuro-chan, then
Minamikawa, and Takano too, right? Exactly.
Yeah. And Michio too, right? They're
really spreading bald guys across every room.
There's a quota.
For each station.
Bald guys. Every network has to cast this
many bald guys.
They have to use them up.